fix: dt duration unit incorrectly mapped to ns (#301) (#317)
qBraid/pyqasm: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- Fixed classical register declarations not being visible inside `box` scope, causing "Missing clbit register declaration" errors for measurement statements inside box blocks. ([#306](https://github.com/qBraid/pyqasm/pull/306))

> - Fixed the backend-dependent `dt` duration unit being incorrectly relabeled as `ns` when unrolling `delay` and `box` statements without a `device_cycle_time`. Since `dt` cannot be converted to SI units without a sample rate, it is now preserved as `dt`. ([#301](https://github.com/qBraid/pyqasm/issues/301))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the backend-dependent `dt` duration unit being incorrectly relabeled as `ns` when unrolling `delay` and `box` statements without a `device_cycle_time`. Since `dt` cannot be converted to SI units without a sample rate, it is now preserved as `dt`. ([#317](https://github.com/qBraid/pyqasm/pull/317))
```
